Olivia Hye: I think here is the set for next scene.
Olivia Hye: I'm gonna shoot a gruop dance scene with JinSoul
(Bluebetta JinSoul is ready!)
(Filming a group dance  has started!)
(And also it's JinSoul's dance time!)
(Oh my...)
JinSoul: I missed the timing...
JinSoul: So I ran around...
JinSoul: Actually I'm feeling embraassed
(What about this time?)
(She doesn't miss the timing!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
JinSoul: I've made a few mistakes while first filming!
JinSoul: However It's gonna be different this time, because I'm a professional!
JInSoul: Fighting!
JinSoul: 'Fallen Angel'...
JinSoul: Fallen?
JinSoul: Fallen from the sky?
JinSoul: Oh!
JInSoul: Is it right?
JinSoul: This is...
JinSoul: Do you remember 'The sun in the afternooon' line from my song?
JinSoul: Yes, it means that.
(The older member of LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE, JinSoul finished her shooting!)